Avan: Getting tired, Hadlar?
Hadlar: Insolent fool...
I will be your doom!
[attacking yell]
Dark King Vearn:
So, a measly Hero
vanquished the Dark Lord...
There's really no
telling what these humans
are capable of, is there?
[amused chuckle]
General Baran: Just who
do you think you are?
She was innocent.
Get out of here. Be gone...
You miserable humans!
[explosion]
Baby Dai: [crying]
[curious grunt]
[crying]
Brass: Who are you?
Here comes Dai;
the brand-new Hero!
[chuckling]
Dai: C'mon, gang. This island's
not going to defend itself!
[surprised gasp]
You little fool!
[pained groan]
Aw, come on. What was
that for, Grampa Brass?
Quit wasting your time
with this make believe,
and get to work
practicing your spells!
[reluctant groan]
Brass: How many more years
will it be until you get it?
If you can't even cast a spell,
then you'll never
defend the island.
[disheartened sigh]
Dai: It doesn't make
any sense, Gomechan.
Grampa Brass
was the one who
told me the legend
in the first place.
In the days of darkness,
a noble swordsman
called the Hero stood against
Lord Hadlar's evil kingdom.
With his companions
by his side,
he defeated the darkness
and saved the entire world.
And because of that...
Brass: Every monster under the
Dark Lord's spell was released.
So we all came out here to
Dermline Island to
live peaceful lives and
never bother the
human kingdoms again.
Brass: We're changed
thanks to him.
I wanna be a Hero
when I grow up!
Nonsense, Dai. You will
be a brilliant Mage like me.
Brass: Maybe one day the
Hero will ask you for help.
[sigh]
Grampa only says that
because he's a mage...
But I want to be a Hero.
It's just so much better
than anything else.
[squeak]
[excited squeaks]
You think so too,
right, Gomechan?
-[excited squeaks]
-[laughing]
You always understand,
don't you?
[laughing]
Dai: A big ship!
No way...
A real-live Hero?
I can't believe it -
what's he doing here?
I can't just sit here -
I'm gonna meet him.
[whistling]
You sit tight.
I'll go see what's up.
Okay, Merman; we've gotta get
out to that ship, right away!
Wow, I can't believe
I'm about to meet a Hero.
I must say, for an island
infested with monsters,
it's surprisingly idyllic.
Well, they've all gone soft
since the Dark Lord
was defeated.
All we have to do is
knock them around a little
and pick up
King Romos's prize...
This might be the world's
easiest paycheck.
Money's great, but I'd
clobber these things for free.
Masopho: [amused cackle]
Well, I'm glad you're
not in charge...
And this isn't an
extermination mission.
Just because we're hunting
the Golden Metal Slime
doesn't mean we can't
have a little fun, as well.
You really think it exists?
Deroline: What's that?
[noticing grunts]
Heroh Heroh: Merman!
Zulbon: Is that
a kid riding it?
Wow. Hi...
I knew it was you!
[amazed breath]
[curious grunts]
So, are you really a Hero?
Why, of course he is.
And we're his
famous companions.
Awesome!
Who are you, little boy?
I'm Dai! It's an honor.
And you live on that Island?
Dai: Mhmm!
Zulbon: Are the legends true?
Is it really full
of terrifying creatures?
Dai: They're not terrifying.
Some of them are
my best friends!
I see...
Zulbon: Do you think
you could introduce us?
You mean, you wanna
meet all of them?
We've been hired by
the king to travel around
and make sure that people
aren't mistreating monsters
now that they're
all free-willed.
We'll still need
to look around,
but it's easier if you
can bring them all to us.
So. Will you help us?
Absolutely! Watch this.
[whistling]
The assembly whistle -
what's that boy up to now?
[excited roaring]
[nervous grunts]
Now, Dai...
is this everybody?
Sure! Well... I think so.
What about these Slimes...
You're not hiding
a golden one, are you?
Oh... You mean Gomechan!
Gome-who?
It's his nickname!
I think he's
supposed to be called
a Golden
Something-or-Other,
but that's a kind of
a mouthful, right?
All: That's the one!
[confused grunt]
Zulbon: We would love to
meet such a rare creature.
He's pretty shy
around new people,
but I can try asking him?
Hang on!
Hey! Come on, everyone.
Settle down.
Whoa, I didn't realize there
were any Lump Shamans left.
And who might you be?
I'm Deroline, the Hero.
And these are my companions.
A new Hero?!
I don't buy it. In fact,
I think I smell evil.
You're not welcome here.
Let's show this geezer.
[nervous squeaks]
Dai: C'mon,
what's your problem?
Don't you want to meet a Hero?
What was that?
[fighting grunts]
[worried breath]
Take this!
Now, Crack!
But, why?
[frightened whimper]
That's enough!
Dai, get out of here!
Dai: Grampa!
[fleeing cries]
[nervous grunt]
Excellent work, little boy.
Hey!
And here's your reward.
Woosh!
[chuckling]
Dai...
And now to clean up our mess
before we get out of here.
Hurry! Get down.
Deroline: Boom!
[explosion]
Brass: Those scoundrels...
[amused chuckle]
That was almost too easy.
[whimpering]
Talk about striking gold.
Right, fellas?
The look on their faces!
[cackling]
How could a Hero do
something so awful?
I don't understand.
Gomechan's never
hurt anybody!
Brass: He was some
kind of imposter...
A true Hero would
never be so cruel.
Dai: He's a fake?
Grampa, we can't let them
get away with our friend.
Well, if you're planning
to win this fight,
take these with you.
What are they?
Brass: They're
Magic Cylinders.
But I can't even cast
a spell, remember?
Who could forget?
But don't worry.
They're already enchanted.
Even a human could use them.
Brass: If you say "Gulp",
the Cylinder will capture any
living thing you point it at.
Then they'll be trapped in
there until you say "Gush".
Now you still need
a plan of attack,
and some reinforcements
wouldn't hurt.
The Dark Lord himself
gave me these two.
Whatever's inside should
be free from his spell now.
But I still shudder to think
what sort of
creature he'd catch...
Let's try Gulp.
So don't mess around-
Whoa! Gush.
-Knock it off, you little-
-Gulp again!
And then Gush...
-I just told you-
-One more Gulp!
Cool! Okay.
Grampa's a start...
But who else?
If there's anyone out
there who can still fight,
come out!
[whistling]
[roaring]
[screeching]
Let's go.
King Romos: Welcome back...
Glad to see you're
all in one piece.
King Romos.
So, tell me.
Are the rumors really true?
Is Dermline Island
a teeming hive
full of horrible
beasts like they say?
Yes.
From the moment we landed
it was an endless assault
of claws and fangs,
and even tentacles.
Deroline: But together,
we managed to wipe out every
single one of those creatures.
[impressed chatter]
Deroline: And while
we were at it,
we also captured
a very rare Slime...
In fact, there's only
one in the whole world.
You might call it
a monster fit for a king.
Have you brought me
a gift, Deroline?
How magnificent!
They call it the
Golden Metal Slime.
You'll be the envy
of every other king.
It's a living jewel,
Your Majesty.
King Romos:
Truly extraordinary.
Excellent work, Deroline!
I daresay you've outdone
yourself this time.
You have earned your
reward, young warrior.
I shall present you
the Crown of Champions.
King Romos: You're the
Romos Kingdom's new Hero!
Dai: [roaring]
King Romos: What was that?
Deroline: It can't be...
[battle cry]
You give me back Gomechan!
Gomechan?
Dai: Yeah, he's my
Golden Something-or-Other.
You should take cover,
King Romos.
He may look like
an innocent kid,
but I've seen him summon
an army of vicious creatures.
My friends aren't
vicious. You are!
They were just
defending themselves
after you attacked
us for no reason.
Dai: You'll regret it!
Gush!
[roaring]
[panicked cries]
[angry squawking]
Dai: Gush!
[roaring]
[growling]
Dai: Gush!
[dizzy cries]
Actually, I think
you'll regret it.
Everyone; hang onto something!
[whistling]
[confused grunts]
[falling yells]
How's that? Attacks
from land, air and sea,
all hitting you at once!
You're still going down!
[falling cries]
[roaring]
Frizz!
Stay back!
[battle cry]
[snarling]
Masopho - let's
put that squid on ice!
Woosh!
Crack!
Zulbon: This is it!
We've got 'em now.
Frizz!
Crack!
[nervous cries]
[screaming]
[battle cry]
Boom!
Deroline: Stupid creature!
Why you...
Deroline: You're no
match for a Hero!
Dai: What Hero?
You're just a thief
who kidnapped
my friend for some crown.
That's enough!
Dai!
Don't you think
you're a little busy?
I have had more than
enough of you, kid.
[wincing]
Use the Gold Cylinders!
Hurry up, Dai!
Open them both!
Gush!
[squeaking]
Whoa... That is a lot
of Slimes in one tube.
Well, it's too bad these useless
things can't even fight.
And Gush!
[screaming]
A... d-d-d-
Deroline: Dragon?!
[roar]
[screaming]
Woosh!
Dai: Nice going, Dragon!
Let's teach that
imposter a lesson!
[whimpering]
Zulbon: Hold it right there!
Fun's over, you little twerp.
Zulbon: Now call
that thing off.
You let him go!
You first, kiddo.
[terrified squeak]
All right, fine!
Gulp!
[trembling]
Zulbon: Gotcha.
[delighted laughter]
Clever as always, Zulbon!
I'm sorry...
Zulbon: Not so
tough now, are you?
[cackling]
[giggling]
Oh, no. You've gotta
be kidding...
[cackling]
[terrified yell]
A King Slime?!
Run for it-
Zulbon!
That King Slime
must've divided itself
to get more comfortable
in its cylinder.
Get away! No... Ah!
Dai: That's it!
Here goes - Gulp!
[screaming]
[relieved sigh]
Brass: Great thinking, Dai!
[happy squeak]
[laughing]
Glad you're safe, pal.
Blasted monsters!
Soldier: The King
will have your heads.
Not so fast...
Deroline and
his companions
led us to believe they
were righteous warriors,
but their actions today have
proven quite the contrary...
I fear I've made a mistake.
You were tricked,
King Romos...
Watch your mouth!
Let him speak.
Perhaps we can even
learn something from him.
I...
King Romos: So, my taste for
treasure clouded my judgement...
And because of that,
these petty thieves
played me like a fiddle.
King Romos: This embarrassment
will have consequences.
Dai here was only trying
to protect his friend,
Your Majesty.
We beg for your mercy.
Not at all. It is I who
should be asking for yours.
Bring that over here.
[amazed breath]
Perhaps it's the young
warrior from Dermline Island
who is truly worthy of wearing
the Crown of Champions.
Behold; the future Hero
of our noble kingdom!
[cheering]
[happy roaring]
Is this really happening?
[laughing]
King Romos: Well,
that was quite a surprise.
Let's hope there
aren't any more
until we reach
Papnica Kingdom.
Please, King Romos!
You can't just
leave us out here...
Zulbon: It was
Deroline's idea!
Deroline: Thanks.
Dai: Hey! Where'd my
Crown of Champions go?
Huh? Don't ask me.
I know you're
hiding it, Grampa.
Just spit it out-
It's my treasure!
You mind your tone.
And if it's really
such a treasure
then maybe you should
keep a closer eye on it.
Well, you shouldn't
steal from the future Hero!
I've seen your future
and you're a Mage.
End... Of... Story!
It's not fair... Grampa!
[happy squeaks]
And Frizz!
Pathetic!
[pained groan]
I can't do it!
Now will you please just
start training me to be a Hero?
Quit asking me that!
Put your heart into it.
[frustrated groan]
Huh?
Dai: Another ship!
Dai: That's a battleship!
Bet they're coming
to invade us!
Let's hope not!
Dai: Maybe the
King sent someone.
No, that's the Sacred Ship.
It's a special
craft that only the Sages
are allowed to travel aboard.
Dai: So...
Which one's the Sage?
Be quiet and bow!
You must be Dai,
the future Hero...
And Brass,
the venerable Mage.
That's right! You found us.
What brings us the honor?
Temjin: My name is Temjin.
I'm the Bishop
of Papnica Island...
This is our Sage, Varon.
We're escorting Princess Leona
on a very important quest,
and we need your help.
A Princess?
[giggling]
Are you Dai,
the future Hero?
Yep!
[giggling]
Oh, boy. You're tiny!
King Romos sure does
know how to pick 'em.
[devastated grunt]
Narrator: The adventure
continues with
Princess Leona's arrival,
and Dai struggles
to prove his worth
as he guides her across
Dermline Island...
Until a rogue creature attacks,
and the princess is struck by
its venomous stinger...
The future Hero unleashes
an incredible energy,
but can he save Leona
before it's too late?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Dai and Princess Leona".